print("Day 4 begins.")
print("You wake up and see Sam right by your side. You guys have a friendly little chat.")
print("You tell Sam about what your life was like before you got trapped on this little Island. You remember the tasty food, the beautiful skyscrapers, you even start to miss your boss.")
print("Then it hits you. You need to go back home. Even if you didn't finish the job, the company would still reimburse you and you would get even more than the actual bonus.")
print("So you make a plan.")
print("1st: You gather all the wood, twigs, vines, and a rag that washed up on the shore.")
print("2nd: You use your hatchet to cut and shape the materials to your liking.")
print("3rd: You use the vines to tie everything together.")
print("4th: You make a comfy and safe spot for Sam.")
print("5th: You gather everything you think your gonna need to make it back to your home.")
print("Finally: You attach the rag as your sail and push it into the water. You jump on and start to sail. 'It works! It really works!' You say to yourself.")
print("Everything seemed to be going fine until you see a black and fast moving storm up ahead. You are too far into the journey to turn back now.")
print("'WE MUST FIGHT IT!' You scream to Sam as the lightning strikes and the waves crash.")
print("But when you turn back around, A huge wave crashes right onto your boat.")
print("Everything goes black...")
print("You wake up again, and see the sun, you pick yourself up and see that you are still on your little raft.")
print("You check to see where Sam is but he is nowhere to be found. Until you see a faint white ball in the distance. You use your arms to paddle towards it as fast as you can, but its just plastic.")
print("You have now lost your only friend since the crash, the only thing keeping you going is the last package which luckily is still there.")
print("You here a splashing noise behind you and when you turn around you see a bunch of flying carp coming right at you.")
print("You lie down on your raft covering your head, and once they pass you look back from where they came and see a giant cruise.")
print("You screem for help, wave your hands, anything to get the cruise's attention and then you pass out from dehydration and malnourishment.")
print("You wake up in a hospital, with flowers and cards on the desk next to you. You also notice the last package is propped up against the wall.")
print("But sadly, Sam is nowhere to be found.")
print("A few hours pass before the hospital admits you to leave, you take your package, and start to drive.")
print("For some reason you feel really dedicated to delivering this package, I mean, it has been your only hope on the island.")
print("You arrive to the home, ring the doorbell, and wait. A kind old man in a white beater, and jorts walks out.")
print("He complains about the late delivery and the damaged packaging but you just leave without really caring. You feel a sense of fulfillment.")
print("You drive into the sunset as the old man opens his package back at his home. He takes out what seems to be a Satellite Messenger. This whole time, rescue could have been a lot easier.")
print("                                                                               ...The End...")
